doc: Add memory tuning section to user guide (#684)
apache/datafusion-comet: docs/source/user-guide/tuning.md

Comet provides some tuning options to help you get the best performance from your queries.

## Memory Tuning

Comet currently doesn't share the memory allocation from Spark but owns its own memory allocation.
That's said, Comet requires additional memory to be allocated. Comet provides some memory related configurations to help you tune the memory usage.

> By default, the amount of memory is `spark.comet.memory.overhead.factor` * `spark.executor.memory`.

Reviewer: I think we need to specify the precedence as well.
What if both `spark.comet.memory.overhead.factor` and `spark.comet.memoryOverhead` are set ?

Author: `spark.comet.memoryOverhead` will be used. Let me add it.

> `COMET_MEMORY_OVERHEAD_FACTOR`'s default value is 0.2. You can increase the factor to require more

Reviewer 2: Using the internal variable name could cause confusion.

```suggestion
The default value for `spark.comet.memory.overhead.factor` is 0.2. You can increase the factor to require more
```

> memory for Comet to use, if you see OOM error.

Reviewer 2: As well as solving OOM, would increasing the memory help with performance?

Author: Added a few sentences about performance impact.
